That time Robin texted Howard Dean from the Vermont statehouse to heckle him about his official portrait.
I got to meet up with Robin for dinner in Portland, and she taught me about aged beef, something I knew nothing about. That was just one of probably a hundred times Robin taught me about something I knew very little about. Always in the most straightforward manner, delivered with passion and conviction (whether about state IT budgets or aged beef). 
Robin's ability to have a lunch or dinner buddy anywhere taught me to make the most of the opportunities we have to travel and connect with great people. Also, she always knows where to go and what to order. 
Robin made me a better manager. She knew how to manage up and apply pressure to get stuff done even from a low position in a bureaucracy.
Robin also introduced my cousin to Howard Dean. I think she likes my cousin more than she likes me 🤔
I got sent an anonymous stuffed animal capybara to my federal workplace and awkwardly texted my on-again/off-again person to see if was them only to find out it was Robin!
A huge amount of the knowledge I've collected about conferences and states and how to get sh*t done has been from Robin. Thank you for setting us up and always being willing to teach.
Robin taught me about the world under Chicago and gave me tips on where to go running.
Robin flew herself to a workshop and when it was over, she was the first one out of town.
Robin knows how to pull the levers of power and just talk to people in such an effective way while keeping their needs and wants at the center of it all. That's a superpower.
Robin didn't make fun of Colonel Sanders, even though we all wanted to.
Robin yelled at us for not getting on the train even though we didn't have tickets. Then she got us into an unmetered taxi.
Robin knows where the best crab cakes are.
If you ever go to the City Museum in St. Louis with Robin, be prepared! She runs and jumps as much as any of the kids!
Robin's pep talks never fail to inspire me and give me confidence.
If you ever get the chance to visit Robin's farm in Rolla, DO IT! You just may get to ride horses, forage a mountain of wild chanterelles, fire the pizza oven, try your hand at castrating baby cows, and witness a whole other side of Robin's epicness that you didn't even know about. 
It doesn't matter how grueling a workshop might be, Robin is going to want to go out to dinner. It's usually a good choice to agree to go with her.	Robin is the embodiment of “it’s better to beg for forgiveness than ask for permission.”
Robin's energy, optimism, and passion is relentless and boundless. Thank you for constantly pushing, connecting, building, guiding, and teaching us... plus crabcakes.
Robin is the embodiment of “it’s better to beg for forgiveness than ask for permission.”
Find somebody who looks at you the way Robin looks at a chanterelle.
Favorite Advice #895: "Make them look like heroes"
Favorite Advice #563: "Find the human"
Robin taught me how planes work
When you can't reach important people, just text them.
Favorite advice #287: Always take at least one run while traveling
Robin taught me to take chances, take adventures, and to always have a wing-person with you.
Robin is the best at talking to cab drivers and strangers of all kinds.
*Amendment: Robin doesn't always know where to go or what to order - the trick is that she's not afraid to ask.
I will never forget jogging with you in Hartford, CT!
You are one of the most courageous, inspiring and true leaders I have ever worked for
Robin makes you feel like anything is possible and then helps you make anything possible. 
Spending just five minutes with Robin will have you thinking about how to make something better, ten minutes and you're going to be doing it. 
Hangin' out at the Rusty Nail, debriefing the day and making the battle plan for the next day.
